We really enjoyed shooting with the Canon PowerShot SD500.
It has an exterior design that combines form and function more elegantly than any point-and-shoot we've ever tested.
I've had it for about a month and it is simply the best point-and-shoot your money can buy.\n 
This camera is truely superb.
The startup time, quality of pictures and videos is outstanding.
They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
WOW Big difference.
I've taken about hundred shot with the Canon, in varying lighting situations, all in auto mode, and not one blurry picture. 
I did not conduct a rigorous test, but just took some identical shots in identical lighting with both cameras, and the Canon won hands down. 
Sharper pictures. 
More detail. More natural color. 
The Canon is very small, definitely pocket size, but still easy to hold firmly. 
It powers up quickly, so you won't miss that quick shot. 
Good image quality. 
All I have to say is that the pics I get with my SD500 are both rich and color and high in detail, the user interface is awesome, the battery charger is tiny and super light and SD cards are relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time.
I have been very impressed with my purchase of the SD500 I bought it at the beginning of the month as the ultimate pocket camera and have shot 300 images so far with it.
The pictures are tack sharp, colors are vivid, and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire. 
Powerup is quick, and you can even set your favorite image to display for a second or so as it turns on. 
Audio is mono and fairly acceptable, quiet also with little distortions. 
I have been fairly impressed with its ability to capture decent details in low light situations such as theaters, inside a bus at night ect
If you use the LCD wisely and dont use it as a TV screen to show all your buddys the girl you went on a date with last night, you should be able to get plenty of shots in on a charge, I have only seen the warning light once, and that was after a week of daily occasional to medium duty use. 
and even after the warning i had enough juice left to finish the evening with.
But if you want a pocket camera to use when you cant take your Digital SLR with you that will capture quality images this is your choice of camera.
My SD500 focuses flawlessly, does not "whine" during video, and my pictures are razor sharp. 
This camera is bulletproof. 
Personally I love it! It's a definite 10!
start up is so quick – 
you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on...literally! 
totally love this feature...very useful since i love taking pics of my 7-month old baby =)
big lcd screen - at least for me, 2" is enough
great picture quality - in automatic mode, quality is great. 
when you learn how to change some settings, you can make the quality even better 
digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture
turn the camera on while pressing the button (or is it the menu button? i have to check again =)) and it'l show you the time and date. 
i just thought it's cute and cool =)
but it's good enough since i upload them to the computer anyway (and sound is good too once you view it on the computer/tv).
i highly recommend this camera to anybody looking for a compact camera that can take good quality pictures. 
if you'll only read the whole manual, you'll find out even more cool features and you'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading 
as a whole, i say, it's way more than what i expected. 
it's such a great camera! i think it really was worth the investment =)
they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer.
I bought this camera two days ago, and I'm very pleased to say that it has been worth the money. 
If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
But believe me, it's well worth it. 
Having the Digic II chip helps a lot. 
This camera takes amazing pictures and its size cannot be beat. 
I still can't believe how fast it starts up. 
I take a lot of pictures and this camera is my first choice. 
I still have my s70 because I like the wider lens sometimes, but in general, if you are looking for a small camera with the whole package, the sd500 is the only one you should buy. 
I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
Buy it, you will love it..... 
In response to "testing" the LCD through pressure in the center and sides, I am glad that it did not cause any damage. 
I tell you now, after lot of shooting in many different situations, this camera is amazing. 
I Was hesitant to rate it a 10 just because it seems so extreme, however I really can't find anything wrong with it. 
The size of the camera is perfect. 
Fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket. 
there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things. 
placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect. 
I like to take pictures when I Go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso's but I don't really care that much, i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality. 
The flash is surprisingly good and even the video quality is excellent. 
I'd be happy to talk to anyone about this camera. 
You will not be dissapointed!
This camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact, take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot. 
The instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep.
I've only had this camera for a few days, but it's been great. 
The photo quality is amazing. 
it's fast, feels great in your hand and looks great too. 
I've printed several photos and the prints look as good as the screen views.
another thing i like about this camera is the way that you can swap colors around and the impressive video quality i would advise any person in the market for a camera to pay the little extra on the hefty $500 price tag and get a quality camera.
Moreover, apart from the plastic cable cover, the camera has a nice, solid feel about it, and it's so tiny, I take it with me wherever I go. 
Highly recommended.
As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
The SD500 software install was seamless and the product documentation is very detailed. 
Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
I don't know why CNET says there is a problem with focus, I have all my pictures sharp and high quality. 
If you don't care about manual controls then its for you!
Very good "every day" camera. Fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos.
If you want a sharp looking, fast digital camera and you don't need or want manual controls, then this is the camera for you! 
Great for 1st time digital camera owners who are learning the "digital" way of the photo taking force (like me) or for the experienced digital photographer who wants a powerful, easy to keep with you at all times camera.
am so glad I bought this camera. 
All the good reviews for the SD500 are true. 
The view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer. 
The included software removes any red eye easily. 
if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
This is overall the best point and shoot camera I've used. 
Unlike many other compact PS cameras this camera has an AF assist lamp essential for focusing in dark areas. 
Placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect. 
I also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact PS cameras since it's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot. 
overall build quality, good macros-results, impressive video-quality, good pictures with flash (good colours, sharp results), excellent auto white balance.
When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
In low light with flash I found it clear better then the sony P200 (too much red, colours overall not as natural but fewer red-eyes). 
I upgraded from a very small 3.2 mpxl camera to this camera with great results. 
Good color and very little needed to correct photos on Paintshop Pro. 
The manual is excellent. 
Get the Ultra SD card which allows very quick turnaround on shots. 
Also, multiple picture feature is very, very fast.
Very fast powerup and great speed when taking multiple pictures. 
Perfect size! Beats the competition by leaps and bounds. 
I have not been this happy about a purchase I have made in a long time. 
I highly recommend this camera! I can shoot continuous 640x480 60 fps video until my 1gig SD card fills up! 
I am impressed with this camera inside and out.
This is my third digital Elph and it is definitley the best ever. 
I love the camera.
This camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation. 
Flash works well for a compact, red eye is a minor problem. 
The camera responce is VERY quick. 
Almost no lag between button activation and shutter. 
Camera powers on and ready in about a second. 
I have a Canon A 70 , and now this SD500, its amazing, how this little camera produces, such great pics, it even brings out ur pimples on the face. 
Once I learned how to use the diferent features, it is much easier than my old one to use and view pics. 
And the video quality is amazing. 
On the 60fps setting it seems like a regular video recorder.
When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
Lacking a high speed/sports mode is something I'll never understand in a camera of this caliber and price. 
You don't have a shutter or aperture priority mode...so the lack of a high speed program is a total dealbreaker for me.
After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
Expected better from a $500 unit.
The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
The only problem I have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don't have a nice click. 
The buttons are rather stiff. 
Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
Huh? I missed out on lots of photos and lots and lots came back blurry. 
The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark.