When I went to put in the new SD Card I looked at the LCD Screen -- CRACKED-- and the fluid gave a Jackson Pollock type appearance to the screen, black and blue and purple blotches and streaks --useless. 
The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
Lacking a high speed/sports mode is something I'll never understand in a camera of this caliber and price. 
You don't have a shutter or aperture priority mode...so the lack of a high speed program is a total dealbreaker for me.
After 57 pictures total the LCD went black except for the icons showing the settings. 
Expected better from a $500 unit.
The disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures, especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can. 
I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
Also as someone who at least knows a little bit about the technical work of taking a photo i really miss having manual controls. 
the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera. 
Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
The SD500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months, and the LCD has been broken twice. 
I took it out one day and the LCD was not working. 
Although the SD500 takes great quality photos, the sensitivity of the LCD compromises the quality overall.
I also own a Canon Digital Rebel and I agree that the advanced controls on the SD500 are not as robust, but overall picture quality goes head-to-head with the Digital Rebel. 
The only problem I have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don't have a nice click. 
The buttons are rather stiff. 
Some adjustments in the settings could help make it better.
I thought this camera was awful and I did tons of research on CNET and other sites. 
There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
Huh? I missed out on lots of photos and lots and lots came back blurry. 
The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark.